# <center>- Back Math - 1.6.0 Early Build 3 -</center>
### <center>A Back Math Update Changelog made on *26/07/2024*</center>

## Additions
### Items
- Added the Books of Regular and Advanced Molds.
- Added Ingot, Mold and Rod Molds.
  - These can be used to make, respectively, Milkllary Ingots, Crystalline Empty Molds and Hillary Rods.
- Added Queen Sophie Battle Packs.
  - These packs, when used, give a Queen Sophie Battle Info and a Queen Sophie Spawn Egg.
  - These are immune to fire.
- Added Queen Sophie Relics.
  - This is a golden statue representing Queen Sophie, which is dropped by her.
  - Currently, it cannot be rotated.
  - This class's name is `Relic`.
- Added Obsidian Infused Mid-Term.
  - This new material can be crafted from obsidian, End crystals, and a mid-term ingot (made in the crystallizer).
    - Only the ingot exists for now.
  - It can be used to make tools and armor, and also blocks, nuggets and dusts.
  - The mid-term sparey can be upgrade into a OIMT Sparey, which deals nearly 70 damage.
- Added Crystalline Angelic.
  - Can be used to craft the Book of Advanced Molds, the Crystalline Crystallizer, and molds (empty and gem).
- Added Aljames.
  - These fruits give you Poison and Blindness.
  - Comes with juice and popsicle.
  - Has a tea box, tea and teacups.
    - The box gives 4 tea, and it can be used in the Meal Cooker to make the teacups.
    - These give you Regeneration and Saturation.
- Added Lemons, with juice and popsicles.
- Added Pineapples, with juice and popsicles.
- Added Oranges, with juice and popsicles.
- Added Bananas, with juice and popsicles.
- Added Amaracamel Batter and (Empty) Amaracamel Batter Bags.
  - Amaracamel Batter can be hardened in a Smoker, and this can be used to make armor.
- Added (Empty) Fried Egg Bags.
- Added (Empty) Lagusta Bags.
- Added Manga Juices and Popsicles.
- Added Crystalline Birch Sticks and Devil Rods.
- Added Angelic Meal Plates and Shears.
- Added Devil, Angelic and Mid-Term Warrior Helmets.
- Added the Bakugou armor set.
- Added CMT&D, CMT&A and D&A Dusts.
- Added Devil, Christian Mid-Term, Mid-Term, OIMT and Milkllary Shears.
- Added Mid-Term Greatswords.
  - These swords are twice the size of regular swords, and deal 56* damage.
- Added Mid-Term Spareys.
  - These swords deal nearly 60 damage, and can be crafted by upgrading regular spareys.
- Added Milkllary.
  - This new material can be crafted from hillary and milk at the crystallizer.
  - The ingots can be crafted into (milked) swords, pickaxes and shears.<sup>*[Only these for now]*</sup>
- Added Coffee Mugs.
- Added Omelets.
  - Can be made from Eggs, Turtle Eggs an Dragon Eggs.
- Added Turtle Fried Eggs.
- Added Ender Dragon Fried Eggs.
- Added Monster Energy Drinks & Energetic Monster.
- Added popsicles.
  - Can be made from any Back Math fruit -- guaranas, mangoes, grapes, lemons, bananas and aljames -- as well as other things -- hillary, milkllary and water.
- Added Hillary and Milkllary Bottles.
- Added a hidden item called "Human Patrick".
- Added Karate Training Sticks.
  - These can be used as swords, and deal 5* damage.
- Added Insomnia Sophie, Warrior Sophie, Queen Sophie and Karate Lucia Spawn Eggs.
- Added Liquid Aljame and Manga Buckets.
- Added Nutella Chocolate.
- Added Raw Angelic and Mid-Term.
- Added Spoons.
  - These can be used at Meal Cookers to get Pasta.
- Added a new music disc: Stay, by The Kid LAROI and Justin Bieber.
- Added Yellow Karate Headbands.
  - The can be crafted and are worn by Karate Lucias.

### Blocks
- Added the Meal Cooker.
  - Various recipes can be made in this, such as:
    - Fried Sophie/Toasted Fabricio/Cooked Lucia and Fried Egg Meals;
    - Hot Sophie and Cold Fabricio Meals;
    - Pasta;
    - Aljame Teacups;
    - Fried Egg Bread.
- Added Crystalline Birch wood.
  - Has its respective log, wood, leaves, (potted) sapling, planks, stairs, slab, door and trapdoor.
- Added Angelical Casing.
  - Used to craft the Crystallizers.
- Added Crystalline Angelic Ore.
  - This is a transparent ore which generates in Angelic Woods.
- Added Deepslate Devil and Angelic, and Obsidian Mid-Term Ores.
- Added Blocks of Raw Angelic and Mid-Term.
- Added Devil Bricks.
  - Includes stairs, slabs and walls.
- Added Angelic Doors and Buttons.
- Added Alice, Alan and Innovator Toys.
- Added Angry Sophie and Queen Sophie Heads.

### Entities
- Added **Queen Sophie**.
  - Elytra render on them.
  - They have a custom model with slim arms, but due to the way I coded this, they have no animations.
- Added **Queen Sophie Pets**.
  - They have 5 variants: Current, Alternate, Relic, Shy Fabricio and Worker (a Friend Sophie variant).
  - Elytra render on them.
  - Like Queen Sophie, they also have a custom model with no animations.
- Added **Warrior Sophies**.
  - Elytra render on them.
- Added **Insomnia Sophies**.
  - They are Sophies which haven't slept in a good while (probably because of aljame and coffee).
  - They use an Angelic Sword, run pretty fast, and when they hit you, you get Blindness and Poison.
  - They drop raw Sophies, aljames, aljame tea boxes, both types of energetics, and coffee mugs.
- Added **Archer Insomnia Sophies**.
  - They are Insomnia Sophies which use bows instead of swords.
    - This version *might* be bugged and may cause them to not be able to shoot arrows.
- Added **Karate Lucias**.
  - They wear a yellow karate headband and use a Karate Training Stick, and they can detect and attack entities within a 64-block radius.
  - They also run very fast when attacking.

### Fluids
- Added Liquid Aljame and Liquid Manga.

### World Generation
- Added Aljame Birch trees.
  - Has its respective leaves and (potted) sapling.
  - Found in both back fields.
- Added Lemon Oak trees.
  - Has its respective leaves and (potted) sapling.
  - Found in modified back fields.
- Added Pineapple Oak trees.
  - Has its respective leaves and (potted) sapling.
  - Found in modified back fields.
- Added Orange Oak trees.
  - Has its respective leaves and (potted) sapling.
  - Found in modified back fields.
- Added Banana Jungle trees.
  - Has its respective leaves and (potted) sapling.
  - Found in any jungle biome.

### Miscellaneous
- Added a new weaponry tab called "Back Math: Weaponry".
  - Its internal name is `backmath.weaponry_tab`.

## Changes
### Items
- The model of Mid-Term Shields now points to `backmath:entity/shield_mid_term` for the texture.
  - This still doesn't work as the texture would need to be added to the block atlas via a Forge event.

### Blocks
- Updated the Crystallizer model and textures.
  - It now has its mold rendered on the top of the block.

### Entities
- Renamed "Friend Sophie" to "Wanderer Sophie".

### Miscellaneous
- The icon for the "Back Math" tab has been changed to the Golden Plated.
  - Its internal name has been changed to `back_math`.

## Tags
### Additions
- Added `#backmath:molds` item tag.
  - Contains all other mold item tags.
  - Added `#backmath:molds/rod` item tag.
    - Contains the Rod Mold.
  - Added `#backmath:molds/crystallized` item tag.
    - Contains the Crystallized Mold.
  - Added `#backmath:molds/ingot` item tag.
    - Contains the Ingot Mold.
  - Added `#backmath:molds/singularity` item tag.
    - Contains the Singularity Mold.
  - Added `#backmath:molds/empty` item tag.
    - Contains the Empty Mold.
  - Added `#backmath:molds/mold` item tag.
    - Contains the Mold Mold.
  - Added `#backmath:molds/crystalline_empty` item tag.
    - Contains the Crystalline Empty Mold.
  - Added `#backmath:molds/crystalline_gem` item tag.
    - Contains the Crystalline Gem Mold.
- Added `#backmath:popsicles` item tag.
  - Contains Guarana, Mango, Grape, Aljame, Lemon, Banana, Orange, Pineapple, Hillary an Milkllary Popsicles.
- Added `#forge:storage_block/obsidian_infused_mid_term` block tag.
  - Contains Blocks of Obsidian Infused Mid-Term.
  - Supposed to be named *"storage_blocks"*.
- Added `#forge:dusts/christian_mid_term_angelic`, `#forge:dusts/christian_mid_term_devil`, `#forge:dusts/devil_angelic` and `#forge:dusts/obsidian_infused_mid_term` item tags to `#forge:dusts`.
  - Contents of those tags are self explanatory.
- Added `#forge:gems/crystalline_angelic` item tag to `#forge:gems`.
  - Added `#forge:gems/crystalline_angelic` item tag.
    - Contains Crystalline Angelic.
- Added `#forge:ingots/milkllary` and `#forge:ingots/obsidian_infused_mid_term` item tags to `#forge:ingots`.
  - Added `#forge:ingots/milkllary` item tag.
    - Contains Milkllary Ingots.
  - Added `#forge:ingots/obsidian_infused_mid_term` item tag.
    - Contains Obsidian Infused Mid-Term Ingots.
- Added `#forge:nuggets/obsidian_infused_mid_term` item tag to `#forge:nuggets`.
  - Added `#forge:nuggets/obsidian_infused_mid_term` item tag.
    - Contains Obsidian Infused Mid-Term Nuggets.
- Added `#forge:storage_block/obsidian_infused_mid_term` item tag to `#forge:storage_blocks`.
  - Added `#forge:storage_block/obsidian_infused_mid_term` item tag.
    - Contains Blocks of Obsidian Infused Mid-Term.
    - Supposed to be named *"storage_blocks"*.

### Removals
- Removed the `#forge:buckets/hillary`, `milkllary` and `choccy_milk` item tags.